001
Email Log
STHENO // 2025-12-08
# Urgent Communique


From: Eris C. Amyntor stheno.work@silvermail.com
To: Eris, bcc: ClassA_maillist ⏷
Date: Dec 2, 5016u, 8:22 AM
Subject: Class Today

CLASS IS NOT CANCELLED

Due to some unforeseen circumstances, I left for Port Alder today and will be busy with some official Lancer business until further notice. Miles will be filling in for me this week. PLEASE DO YOUR ASSIGNMENTS. We need to get through this unit by the end of next week if you all want to go on that class trip with the Diamond Dawgs to Dawnlight Karst.

The screening + Q&A with Leon Rose may need to be rescheduled as well, as he has been assigned to the other Lancer mission heading north to Coldstar Glacier.
–
Eris C. Amyntor
STHENO
stheno.work@silvermail.com
--------------------------------------
_
From: Eris C. Amyntor stheno.work@silvermail.com
To: Eris, bcc: ClassA_maillist ⏷
Date: Dec 2, 5016u, 8:24 AM
Subject: Re: Class Today

If anyone swaps out Miles’ coffee for ambrosia again, you’ll be getting pop quizzes for the rest of the month. Focus up.
… 
--------------------------------------
_
From: Eris C. Amyntor stheno.work@silvermail.com
To: Eris, bcc: ClassA_maillist ⏷
Date: Dec 2, 5016u, 9:13 AM
Subject: Re: re: Class Today

CLASS IS NOW CANCELLED – TODAY ONLY

Due to an ongoing police investigation here in Port Alder, it has been recommended by Ms. Alder that we go ahead and cancel today’s lessons at the colony just to be safe. Miles will send over some worksheets to do from home and should update you later tonight about tomorrow’s attendance requirements.

I’m sure some of you have been sharing around the security footage posted to the omninet. Before you ask, yes it is related to that. There have been some unidentified pilot-less assailants that dropped from orbit. Just wanted to share that to avoid any speculation or misinformation.
…